I used to
Can't let go of everything
I just hope that others will tell you a safe life.
On this stage today
I want to tell you
This heart has no regrets in this life
A pair of traitors
Hey
Chen Chen Chen is always the bench you asked you to put him on
No, it wasn't my idea to move away.
This is coming soon.
Just need his game results
Great performance by the final contestants
Liu Zixin this song
And there's no turning around of your mind teacher.
So the results
Vote voting we look at the data
step back step back
step back step back step back
Everyone be quiet
Just be quiet.
The requirements for my marriage
The president of our show calculated the data of the contestants
According to the rules of the show
Only those who reach 1 million votes can make progress
The next step is our final success
950,000 tickets. How is that possible?
Is there shady?
This is fraud
malicious
This shit in the entertainment industry
It can be regarded as letting you understand for us.
Too bad you don't understand
The entertainment industry relies on capital and strength
Capital can suppress talent
It's really a pity.
The contestant's score is invalid
Change data
cheat
So brave